Merge "stopword_remover" branch into "stemmer" branch (#3)
polina-tsvilodub/MLinPractice: Documentation.md

- `reduce_len=True`: limits repeating sequences to length of 3
- `strip_handles=True`: strips handles (@ mentions) from tweet as they are already documented in a separate column of the dataset

**Implementantion**

The tokenizer is implementned in `tokenizer.py` which contains the class `Tokenizer` which is a sublcass of `Preprocessor`.
The sublcass implements the method `_get_values()` which tokenizes a list of strings and outputs a list of lists of strings containing the tokenized tweets.

### Stopword Removal

**Motivation**

Stopwords are abundant and hence provide little to no unique information that can be used for classification.
Therefore, we decided to remove them during the preprocessing procedure to yield a better performance for our classifier.

**Implementation**

> The stopword removal takes place after the tweet was already tokenized. We used the list of stopwords from nltk's `corpus` to decide which words classified as stopwords.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The stopword removal takes place after the tweet was already tokenized. We used the list of stopwords from nltk's `corpus` to decide which words are classified as stopwords.
```

> Thre stopword remover is implemented in `code/preprocessing/stopwrod_remover.py` which contains the class `StopwordRemover` which is a subclass of `Preprocessor`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The stopword remover is implemented in `code/preprocessing/stopword_remover.py` that contains the class `StopwordRemover` which is a subclass of `Preprocessor`.
```
